update verify_install to not use pytest (#9297)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/9297.scripts.rst

> Remove verify_install_requires this was a test script that should not have been installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed ``verify_install_requires`` command. This was a test script that should not have been installed.
```

Author: Thanks!
